hey everyone or cardo here we had quite
a few things pop up this weekend let's
take a look mar do charm is quite the
sweet instant Marty charm costs a red a
white and a black man and has three
modes to choose from deal for damage to
target creature put to 11 white warrior
creature tokens onto the battlefield
they gain first strike until the end of
turn or target opponent reveals his or
her hand you choose a non creature
non-land card from it and they have to
discard it this card is so versatile the
warrior option is a sweet combat trick
because the Warriors have first strike
and can leave you in a spot where you
kill an attacker and you can also
retaliate for damage to target creature
is a pretty serious amount of damage we
have seen what mizzium mortars can do
when it comes to scary for drops also
this card is going to work very well
against the control matchups for a mario
style deck Mario decks are going to be
straight aggro decks that get in with
guys as fast as possible and this charm
can strip your opponent of any removal
or counter magic they have to slow you
down and you can do this on the draw
step next we have teamer charm which
caused a red a blue and a green mana and
has three modes to choose from target
creature you control gets +1 +1 until
the end of turn that creature fights
target creature you don't control
counter target spell unless its
controller pays three creatures with the
power of three or less cannot block the
stern this card is quite interesting
because it provides too aggressive
options and a strictly defensive option
the trick of fighting creatures at
instant speed is quite strong especially
with how many four fours and fives team
or colored X will have making creatures
the power 3 or less unable to block also
helped steamer make combat more
favorable because your creatures will
innately be bigger we've also seen what
mana leak is very capable of doing but
for 3 mana and it's un-- splash ability
we will see teamer players ponder the
use of this charm for the next few weeks
savage knuckle blade is probably one of
the fiercest creatures we will see in
this set by a very wide margin now it
might be a bit early for me to say that
but look at this beast he's in for 4 for
3 mana that's huge he also has three
always relevant abilities you can make
him bigger for 3 mana you can save him
from spot remover 3 mana and you can
give him haste for one mana that's a lot
of different abilities but they all
worked so well off of one another he's
quite the monster day
to deal with because he can just become
a 66 and tango with any creature that
might block him he can also just jump
back in your hand if your opponent
attempts to use a removal spell on him
for you to just reply him and then give
him haste he's quite scary and I expect
him to see a lot of play an aggro or mid
range decks for standard next we have a
closed reprint of lightning angel mantis
writer is a 33 human monk for blue red
and white mana and has flying vigilance
in haste he comes out swinging and
walking in the air vigilance is a very
strong ability in my opinion because
with it you are never left with had a
blocker after you have attacked he's
also in the air the evasion you get from
him and the defense and offense you get
with him is on a very good power level
and I can see people getting on this guy
for the short term rock Sasha death
dealer is pretty sweet to drop he's a 22
for a green and black man and has two
activated abilities the first one gives
Rock Sasha death dealer plus two plus
two until the end of turn and the second
ability allows the death dealer to
regenerate both abilities cost the same
a green and black mana now this guy
reminds me a lot of putrid leech but I'm
not sure which is better future leech
allows a combat trick to be followed up
on his pump because you paint life the
death dealer makes you pay mana but you
can do it more than once a turn the
ability to fight many four fours with
the to drop seems very strong and being
able to live there simple removal is
also very strong we are leaving behind
his or his charm from return to ravnica
so you don't have to worry about it
being flipped back to the top of your
library either way I can see this guy
being a thorn and some one side pretty
quick harden scales is quite interesting
for one green mana it is an enchantment
that makes outlast strictly better as
well as any deck that you plan on
playing with failing slinger for its
cost I can see a very strong amount of
players playing green white hero decks
and playing this phalanx leader raise
the alarm some amount of either a Johnny
steadfast or mentor of heroes and just
dudes that's a budget deck I bet Kevin
can brew in a jiffy either way don't
underestimate heroic creatures anymore
monoblock isn't going to be around and
neither a supreme verdict we have
finally seen every one of the wedge
lands they all come into play tapped and
provide any of the three of the wedges
colors to your mana pool in shards of
alara we saw the same type of lands see
some play and most decks the complete
mana fixing with
land is really good and even if it does
come into play tapped you still get
every color you need with just the one
land I expect these to see play and
standard and in draft an EDH they will
easily see play well that's all i have
for the start of this week please feel
free to leave any questions on my
twitter at judge underscore conde or
down in the comment section i'm looking
forward to seeing the Timor Khan and the
rest of the charms as well as you folks
later this week here at gathering magic